This
What's going on?
Brothers outside hurry up and re-aim
Interrupt this bastard's pose for me
Outside the church
The potential of the Evil Temple and the four major families
All power has been wiped out
How could this be?
Impossible absolutely impossible
Lao Tzu's Evil God Temple is all in the realm of masters
How could it be wiped out by these dragons?
I found a few songs, can I download them?
Brothers, let's go
Prove it to them. Do it.
Did you believe it?
Do it!
Black bear, you can't kill innocent people indiscriminately
If you don't want it, just say it
Back then, my Li family's grave extermination bill
Your Shen family contributes
just
We have to figure this out
Defeat barren mountains and seas